Deprecation Note added for loadbalancerIP (#40085)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/services-networking/service.md

Reviewer: I would amend and move this text as well:
```markdown
Some cloud providers allow you to specify the `loadBalancerIP`. In those cases, the load-balancer is created
with the user-specified `loadBalancerIP`. If the `loadBalancerIP` field is not specified,
the loadBalancer is set up with an ephemeral IP address. If you specify a `loadBalancerIP`
but your cloud provider does not support the feature, the `loadbalancerIP` field that you
set is ignored.
```

Author: hi @sftim ! This text is the main reason we are adding a note. would we need to add the deprecation info or any info related to loadbalancerIp after removing this. Also , where do you want to move this.

Reviewer: How about moving it to be near the deprecation note for the `loadBalancerIP` field?

[omit](#load-balancer-nodeport-allocation) assigning a node port, provided that the
cloud provider implementation supports this.

Some cloud providers allow you to specify the `loadBalancerIP`. In those cases, the load-balancer is created
with the user-specified `loadBalancerIP`. If the `loadBalancerIP` field is not specified,

> the loadBalancer is set up with an ephemeral IP address. If you specify a `loadBalancerIP`

Reviewer: (nit)
```diff
-the loadBalancer is set up with an ephemeral IP address. If you specify a `loadBalancerIP`  
+the load balancer is set up with an ephemeral IP address. If you specify a `loadBalancerIP`  
```

{{< note >}}

> **Deprecation**: `Service.spec.loadBalancerIP` was deprecated in Kubernetes v1.24. This field was under-specified and its meaning varies across implementations, and it cannot support dual-stack. As of Kubernetes v1.24, users are encouraged to use implementation-specific annotations when available. This field may be removed in a future API version. The recommendation is for providers to rely on annotations rather than this field.

Reviewer: How about:
```suggestion
The`.spec.loadBalancerIP` field for a Service was deprecated in Kubernetes v1.24.

This field was under-specified and its meaning varies across implementations; it also cannot support dual-stack networking.This field may be removed in a future API version.

If you're integrating with a provider that supports specifying the load balancer IP address(es)
for a Service via a (provider specific) annotation, you should switch to doing that.

If you are writing code for a load balancer integration with Kubernetes, avoid using this field.
You can integrate with [Gateway](https://gateway-api.sigs.k8s.io/) rather than Service, or you
can define your own (provider specific) annotations on the Service that specify the equivalent detail.
```

We don't have a special callout to mark deprecations. We could add one, but that should be a separate commit and ideally a separate PR.

I would drop the Azure note at the same time. That detail belongs in the Azure documentation.

Author: I'll drop the whole azure note. and add the note as you mentioned. thanks for the review
